<pre>
  Title: Multilive
  Definition: Multilingual live voice translation algorithm for Youtube.
  Author: Emin Mammadov <eminmammadovcom@gmail.com>
  Status: Draft
  Type: Standards Tracking
  Created: 2021-12-16
  Update: 2024-04-28
  License: CC0 1.0 Universal
</pre>

==Abstract==

In Python opcode, the multilingual live voice translation algorithm for YouTube provides Multilive, which can automatically perform live translation of YouTube videos in multiple languages.  

The algorithm works like this: First, it retrieves the audio streams of live video broadcasts using YouTube APIs. It then converts the audio into text using APIs such as speech recognition to recognize the voice. Finally, the "Multilive" algorithm, converts the target language text into audio live.

== Copyright ==
This document is licensed under the CC0 1.0 Universal license.

==Specification==

When evaluating the ''<nowiki>"Multilive"</nowiki>'' instruction:
# Use Youtube API to watch video audio streams.
# Convert audio stream to text with Google Cloud Speech-to-Text API.
# Translate text into target language with Google Translate API.
# Convert translated target language text to audio with "Multilive".

''<nowiki>Using the YouTube API, we manage the flow of the live broadcast by receiving the audio streams of live video broadcasts, converting the audio into text, translating it and converting it into audio.</nowiki>''

Multilive, a multilingual live audio translation algorithm for YouTube in Python, retrieves audio streams of live video broadcasts using YouTube APIs. It then converts the audio to text using APIs such as speech recognition to recognize the speech. Finally, the ''<nowiki>"Multilive"</nowiki>'' algorithm is used to convert the text in the target language into live audio. In this way, YouTube videos are translated live into various languages.

==Motivation==

==Rationale==

==Reference implementation==

==References==

==Acknowledgements==

''<nowiki>More is being written</nowiki>''